Work for me to find the stink
Uh-huh.
What's your trouble?
In the past, Tang monasticism went through such difficulties
It's not because you gave birth to this woman
Ruined a good previous dynasty
Humph
Who says it's not?
This is since the ancestor died of illness last year
Patriarch Detian is in power
Go back!
I'm afraid your family will be getting better and better
You are too tired
Who made you lazy?
Work for me
you
Come to my room tonight
Yes
Born slave
Aoxue
Mother is fine
Mother has made you suffer all these years
One more day I can completely fix the customer
Get back on your feet.
All those who have recorded us by then
Have to pay the price
Hahaha
Ah!
square length
What are you doing here?
This young master is before the same clan
Found a good place for this stall
Dedicate him to Haotian Patriarch
Haotian ancestor
Don't think I don't know
The women sent over the years
It didn't end well.
Well, you're right.
They are just Lu Ding
And the final fate of Lu Ding
It was sucked dry by the ancestor of Haotian
Used for healing
Hey, but this is for a stall
Isn't it making the most of it?
You bastard
You actually took the lives of your people
In exchange for glory and wealth
Something that doesn't know what to do
Open your mouth for me
Smelly old woman, keep your mouth shut
Let him go! Don't hit him